convert cloudy1_kl.png cloudy1_kl.pdf
convert cloudy2_kl.png cloudy2_kl.pdf
convert cloudy3_kl.png cloudy3_kl.pdf
convert cloudy4_kl.png cloudy4_kl.pdf
convert night1_kl.png night1_kl.pdf
convert night2_kl.png night2_kl.pdf
convert night3_kl.png night3_kl.pdf
convert night4_kl.png night4_kl.pdf
convert sunny1_kl.png sunny1_kl.pdf
convert sunny2_kl.png sunny2_kl.pdf
convert sunny3_kl.png sunny3_kl.pdf
convert sunny4_kl.png sunny4_kl.pdf



convert cloudy1_js.png cloudy1_js.pdf
convert cloudy2_js.png cloudy2_js.pdf
convert cloudy3_js.png cloudy3_js.pdf
convert cloudy4_js.png cloudy4_js.pdf
convert night1_js.png night1_js.pdf
convert night2_js.png night2_js.pdf
convert night3_js.png night3_js.pdf
convert night4_js.png night4_js.pdf
convert sunny1_js.png sunny1_js.pdf
convert sunny2_js.png sunny2_js.pdf
convert sunny3_js.png sunny3_js.pdf
convert sunny4_js.png sunny4_js.pdf
